adding notice for gomod issue (#1046)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.20.x/content/docs/updates/important-changes.mdx

1. Use non-executable file modes (e.g., 0644, 0666) for log files.

### Go mod tidy failures on community edition ((#go-mod-tidy))

| Change       | Affected version                 | Vault edition |
|--------------|----------------------------------|---------------|
| New behavior | 1.20.4                           | Community           |

> 
> Unfortunately a private repo has been listed in the go.mod file. This will
> cause the `go mod tidy` command to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `go.mod` file lists a private repo that causes the `go mod tidy`
command to fail.
```
Style correction: write in active voice

#### Recommendation

> Either remove the line referencing `hashicorp/go-cmp` or build from main.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the `go.mod` file to remove the line referencing
`hashicorp/go-cmp` or build from `main`.
```
